If you encounter some kind of obstacle in your career ahead, you have
to make sure that you understand that there are many, many opportunities
for you. Toe. Prove your your quality. Um, yeah, you You try and
you don't get that award or I think a big one a huge one is that you
don't get in une p an early promote for your professional recommendation.
One of those things comes along in in a year, you know? And
if you don't get that, that means that your, uh, some people consider
that your second or third down the rank, that's what it can mean.
But as long as you don't feel yourself being that way, as long as you
think of yourself as an e p um, and you present yourself in that
way for the next year, then it's gonna it's gonna average out. That's
the point that you need to realize you can e p this year and MP the
next year must promote another MP MP and then NDP. You know, overall
Hey, you know what like like you were pretty good for the whole entire,
you know, for your career. Um, not everyone's gonna have going
to be the perfect person in the unit in the division the whole entire
time. And it's the job of the leadership toe actually divvy out
things in proportion. You know, a few awards here. Ah, few promotes
their, ah, few, like, you know, like shaking the hand of the seal here,
you know, and they should spread it out. So as long as you consider
your whole career kind of spread out with good quality, then, um
then those bullets enrolled won't matter. Um, when you look back to
history,